Add docs for multi repo pipelines (#1142)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/pipelines/security/using-pipelines.md

> # Using Pipelines in Production

Reviewer: Since this whole page is dedicated to branch protection, should we just title this page "Branch protection"?

> Gruntwork Pipelines is designed to be used with a PR based workflow.
> This means an approval on a PR is an approval to deploy infrastructure, making the configuration of repo settings and branch protection especially important.

Reviewer: If the focus on this page is branch protection, that makes me realize we should be a little more affirmative here about the importance of branch protection.

```suggestion
Gruntwork Pipelines is designed to be used with a Pull-Request (PR) based workflow. That means an approval on a PR is an _approval to execute code that will have full access to your AWS account_.

Pipelines will only execute code merged to the `main` or `master` branch of your `infrastructure-live` repository. The best way to carefully review what gets merged there is to thoughtfully configure both your repository and branch protection settings.
```

As a side note, do we recommend any repo settings, or just branch protection?
